I could pound your head 'til you think that's what happened.
Stay away from our women. You got metal fever, baby, metal fever!
Yes.
I mean, with time, my funk level could...
No.
I got plans. I'm gonna turn my on/off switch to off.
You could drop dead. That'd show 'em.
And try one of these popsicle sticks. They've absorbed quite a bit of flavor.
No, the cat shelter's onto me.
I need a calculator.
Old New York, the city that inspired a casino in Las Vegas.
This is the Brooklyn-bound B train making local stops at wherever the hell I feel like, watch for the closing doors.
I'll get my kit!
Grab a shovel. I'm only one skull short of a Mousketeer reunion.
Thank you.
So? It's not like it's the only one we've got.
Well, I do think of human life as expendable.
I don't know why, but when I look down at their little faces it makes me want to puke... in a good way.
If it ain't black and white, peck, scratch and bite.
Life is hilariously cruel.
Hey, let's go join the Reform party!
I finally meet a nice girl with a pair of legs that don't quite unexpectedly...
I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much.   You even love anybody pretending to be him!
Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that.
Oh... your... God.
Maybe you can interface with my ass... by biting it.
He's a witch!
Pardon me, brother. Care to donate to the anti-mugging you fund?
That probulator sure knows how to please a man.
And it pinkens your teeth while you chew.
I'm gonna drink 'till I reboot.
Your momma! Now shut up and drag me to work.
Aw, jeez.
Right.
Uh oh. I don't like the sound of that.
Here it comes.
Thank you, and goodnight.
I love this planet. I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.
That'll take forever. What she oughta do is find a nice guy with two eyes and poke one out.
You really are too picky.
Why don't you just come move in with me?
Nah. I've always wanted a pet.
Bath what?
What room?
What what?
Hey, sexy mama. Wanna kill all the humans?
C'mon, it's just like making love. Y'know, left, down, rotate sixty-two degrees, engage rotors....
I'm gonna go build my own theme park... with blackjack and hookers! In fact, forget the park!
Great choice.
I don't need to drink, I can quit anytime I want.
It's the decaying ruins of old New York. Welcome home, pal!
Bite my collosal metal ass.
I came here with a simple dream, a dream of killing all humans.
Blackmail's such an ugly word. I prefer extortion. The X makes it sound cool.
Problem solved. You two fight to the death and I'll cook the loser.
Oh my God, I'm so excited I wish I could wet my pants.
One of you will have to fill in for me while I'm gone.
You know the secret of traditional robot cooking? Start with a good high-quality oil, then eat it.
Tell the Donbot I'm quitting organized crime. From now on I'll stick to the regular kind.
Hey, guess what you're accessories to?
Like most of life's problems, this one can be solved with bending.
Argh. The laws of science be a harsh mistress.
In the event of an emergency, my ass can be used as a floatation device.
Is he dumb or just ugly?
No, we're not, you little bed-wetter. Oops, I'm sorry.
Is the space-pope reptilian?
Aw, I think I got whiplash.
I meant ass whiplash.
Ah, save it for the cross-burning, Adolf.
Ah, they're both fine choices, whatever floats your boat.
Ah, it's nothing a a law suit won't cure.
Hey, I got a busted ass here! I don't see anyone kissing it.
I refuse to fight! I'm a concientious objector.
You know, a coward.
Yeah, well, a lot of 'em were children....
I'm a fraud - a poor, lazy, sexy fraud.
Wait a second, aren't you a member of the yacht club?
You're looking less nuts, crabby.
Fry, of all the friends I've had, you're the first.
I believe that qualifies as ill. At least from a technical standpoint.
Hey! What kind of party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker.
OK, but I don't want anyone thinking we're robosexuals.
Oh no! Not the magnet!
Bite my shiny, metal ass!
Well I don't have anything else planned for today, let's get drunk!
He's gay.
I have this thing called gaydar.
Yeah, well I'm gonna build my own lunar space lander! With blackjack aaaaannd Hookers! Actually, forget the space lander, and the blackjack. Ahhhh forget the whole thing!
A woman like that you gotta romance first!
